(upbeat music)
♪ If you leave, don't leave now ♪
♪ Please don't take my heart away ♪
♪ Promise me just one more night ♪
♪ Then we'll go our separate ways ♪
♪ We've always had time on our sides ♪
♪ Now it's fading fast ♪
♪ Every second, every moment ♪
♪ We've got to, we've gotta make it last ♪
♪ I touch you once, I touch you twice ♪
♪ I won't let go at any price ♪
♪ I need you now like I need you then ♪
♪ You always said we'd
still be friends someday ♪
♪ If you leave ♪
♪ I won't cry ♪
♪ I won't waste one single day ♪
♪ But if you leave, don't look back ♪
♪ I'll be running the other way ♪
♪ Seven years went under the bridge ♪
♪ Like time was standing still ♪
♪ Heaven knows what happens now ♪
♪ You've got to, you've
gotta say you will ♪
♪ I touch you once, I touch you twice ♪
♪ I won't let go at any price ♪
♪ I need you now like I need you then ♪
♪ You always said we'd meet again ♪
♪ I touch you once, I touch you twice ♪
♪ I won't let go at any price ♪
♪ I need you now like I need you then ♪
♪ You always said we'd still be friends ♪
♪ I touch you once, I touch you twice ♪
♪ I won't let go at any price ♪
♪ I need you now like I need you then ♪
♪ You always said we'd
meet again someday ♪
(upbeat music continues)
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ If you leave ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Oh, if you leave ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Don't look back ♪
♪ Oh, oh ♪
♪ Oh ♪